#SWF UNIX BUILDER      

Simple commands can help to test en build your application from flash builder

GitHub : https://github.com/funkymed/swfunixbuilder                 

I'm using the file transporter_chief.rb from https://github.com/igorsokolov/octoios to send application to device all credits goes to Igor Sokolov.        

##How to

###Installation
To use the commands, you don't need to open XCode but it have to be installed with the component "Command Line Tools".

To do it, you have to start XCode and go in preferences > Downloads > Components and click "install" next to "Command Line Tools".
                                                             
You also have to install Adobe AIR 3.7 at least http://www.adobe.com/devnet/air/air-sdk-download.html‎

Extract and copy the directory AIRSDK_Compiler in your "/Applications/Adobe Flash Builder 4.6/sdks/"

Take a look to the file "Example-Main-app.xml" you must have something like this in yours.

###Configuration
Copy all the files in your project directory in bin-debug or bin-release and edit the file config.sh, be sure all the path are correct.

~~~
PATH_ADT="/Applications/Adobe Flash Builder 4.6/sdks/4.6.0/bin/"adt
PATH_SDK=/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator6.0.sdk
PATH_KEY=yourkeyfile.p12             
PATH_PROVISION=yourprovision.mobileprovision
PATH_TRANSPORT=transporter_chief.rb
FILENAME_MAIN=Main
FILENAME_TEST=Test.ipa
FILENAME_PROD=Prod.ipa
PASSWORD=yourpassword              
PWD=`pwd`
~~~

##Commands
          
###Compile
Will generate an .ipa file to test on your device in ip-ad-hoc mode (slower but faster on device). 
try to change ipa-test-interpreter to ipa-ad-hoc to get a faster result on your mobile, but take more time to compile.
~~~
./swfunixbuilder.sh compile
~~~           
                           
###Fast Compile
Will generate an .ipa file to test on your device in ipa-test-interpreter mode (faster but slower on device). 
try to change ipa-test-interpreter to ipa-ad-hoc to get a faster result on your mobile, but take more time to compile.
~~~
./swfunixbuilder.sh fastcompile
~~~
###Deploy (need to compile before)
Will send your compiled .ipa to your device, just connect your iphone and type the command.
~~~                     
./swfunixbuilder.sh deploy
~~~

###Simulate
Will generate an .ipa file to test on a simulator. It will not interpret your as3 code in objective-c.
~~~                     
./swfunixbuilder.sh simulate
~~~                   

###Launch (need to simulate before)
Will install to your simulator the application generated by the commande simulate
~~~                     
./swfunixbuilder.sh launch
~~~

###Run
Combine the command simulate and launch
~~~                     
./swfunixbuilder.sh run
~~~

###Help
Display the help
~~~                     
./swfunixbuilder.sh help
~~~                                              

##Custom
        
###Add Files
If you need to add icons, splashscreen, or directory, edit the files compile.sh and simulate.sh and add all just after the swf definition.
